I'll pick him up
You pick him up
Chufanta
Who else could he be like him?
In addition to being able to make a group of fox friends
Can you still meet some upper-class people?
Want me to say?
You are really begging
No matter what happens
Except for hiding behind women and being a wimp
What else would he do?
Mr. Tree
Finally, I have the honor to meet you. Please move slowly.
This lady
This is the highest office in the capital, Skylark International
I don't need to introduce you just hearing the name
The fee for this private club
Not to mention
This trash is calling you to pay now
What was he thinking?
I don't need to explain it, no need.
You eat well and drink well
I just want to take him away
Girl, he doesn't take the husband of Skylark International
Where can he go?
waiter
Why don't you call your supervisor quickly?
Take this eating and drinking trash away
It depends on what he does
In your Yunshe Group
Everyone has to use a credit card.
Isn't that your rule?
What's wrong with his bill breaking by itself?
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and call the supervisor
President, look
president